Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me oh you're muted you're muted you're muted. There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's your ear.
LG Stylo 5: Still can't hear nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dude,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I'm worried that
LG Stylo 5: I could hear a little bit like I'm starting to hear little bit more here and there, but like, and I started getting feeling so sketching.
LG Stylo 5: And I haven't been able to have no filling in. And the other day. Was it yesterday is itching like all day like not all day but here and there, so like I knew I was getting feeling back
LG Stylo 5: Okay, and
LG Stylo 5: But, and then like so, and I like do this, but on the on like this.
LG Stylo 5: Uh huh, but I'm
LG Stylo 5: Sure, I usually can't hear nothing but lately. I can hear like a little bit of air going in and out.
LG Stylo 5: And so
LG Stylo 5: It's not there yet, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you call the physician's office just to see what their protocol is at least
LG Stylo 5: Honestly, no.
LG Stylo 5: I'll do it today, after we got off the phone and say, well, but i just i yesterday I was really feeling or what was last Wednesday, I kind of just stayed in bed all day was really feeling good and Tuesday I had thrown up right towards the end of the death penalty. Notice I ran away. I went
LG Stylo 5: To throw up. Yeah. And so I didn't really feel good after that I stayed in bed all day after that I didn't even make my boyfriend lunch like make us lunch, basically.
LG Stylo 5: Um, and then wednesday
LG Stylo 5: I tried to force myself to eat like some cucumbers and some cantaloupe and stuff like that.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, and yeah.
LG Stylo 5: I actually quite a bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: So get tight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tight back is good, but the vomiting continues. I just
Gwenevere Abriel: Something's wrong.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah i had i usually got using my phone. My mom and
LG Stylo 5: I usually. It's usually because I'm hungry, though, or like, I don't know. It was in my ear in the morning. I'd really wake up really dizzy, especially in the morning.
LG Stylo 5: And then after like an hour, hour and a half, it'll go away. And I think the dizziness is just what makes me throw up because I won't even have nothing in my stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will already
Gwenevere Abriel: There's been a common theme of you and throwing up
Gwenevere Abriel: Throughout our treatment history that's that's a common symptom for you like it shows up.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, I was wondering if it has like cuz I wasn't ever throwing up really much before I started taking the gabapentin
LG Stylo 5: I was wondering me my boyfriend were talking about that. And I don't know, like it might be, I don't know. He might have just put it in my head, but it kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it could be, you might want to talk to her about that. I have one client that takes it and he does talk about some stomach stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can maybe do a little Google search. See if some something pops up really quick.
LG Stylo 5: Again,
LG Stylo 5: And I'm sorry I was a couple minutes late. I was downloading this app to my mom's phone and then I didn't know if I had to like sign into it and then my password and
LG Stylo 5: I'm just gonna go to the room.
You're fine.
LG Stylo 5: Because I know that other phone
LG Stylo 5: This other phone I have
Gwenevere Abriel: Today,
Gwenevere Abriel: 11 o'clock.
Gwenevere Abriel: So sort of get a sense of what kind of
LG Stylo 5: Doctor mo.
Gwenevere Abriel: What kind of focus. She was like today, just sort of tune into where you'd like to focus to be. We don't really have anything set, it could be
Gwenevere Abriel: I could pick a target.
LG Stylo 5: We can be working on a quick
LG Stylo 5: Admin. It's always good to focus on what's happening in the world just five minutes on the coven just
LG Stylo 5: I noticed when I'm at my mom's house. Okay, I don't think I'm at my mom's house they watch the news a lot and I was telling them this last night to
LG Stylo 5: They watch the news constantly and so it's always I'm watching the news. Once you do this, this is happening so many people are dying, blah, blah, blah.
LG Stylo 5: And when I'm at Daniel's house. We don't really we like will watch a couple things like every day to make sure we're in tune with what's going on.
LG Stylo 5: At my mom's house. They're watching the news all the time and I think that's why when I'm here, I'm going crazy and I drive them crazy
LG Stylo 5: Because it's just like everywhere Colby Colby Colby and wash your hands and like I know I have been very cautious, of course, but just seeing it everywhere. I think gives me anxiety. And that's what I my mom's house. I'm like, wash your hands wash everything going crazy, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you do with that new information that new awareness. What do you, what do you do with that I was that
LG Stylo 5: It gets me scared. Honestly, it's really scared to sing it constantly all over everywhere.
LG Stylo 5: And then we got a AMBER ALERT, THE OTHER DAY ON I THINK IT WAS ON WEDNESDAY, or I think it was Wednesday for New Mexico, and it was just like stay home. That's all it said amber alert stay home.
LG Stylo 5: Okay, so that freaked me out. So the week. Can we not go at all like, what does that mean, I guess there's like, let us know like stay home. I don't go out
LG Stylo 5: But it scared me like they're even like sending us amber alerts. Like, it's never nothing's ever been this bad like even like when AIDS came out and stars and the flu like never in order to like stay home type thing, you know.
LG Stylo 5: So I guess that's just what's kind of freaking me out at the moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, this feels different you're not used to having it impact you on a personal level, it's always been some other states, some other country isn't happening to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
LG Stylo 5: I'm fairly that boy. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then then explain it. So it sounds like. I understand.
LG Stylo 5: Well, not exactly like oh it's never happened to me like, No, no, nothing like that. Just like
LG Stylo 5: I have never expected it to like be
LG Stylo 5: Like anything like this to be like worldwide like nationwide. Yeah, a lot of stuff happens in the US or maybe in other countries and stuff but like when it's worldwide pandemic like that. It's like, I guess it's like different
LG Stylo 5: And that's what makes it I feel more scary because it's actually the whole world. It's not just one state. It's not just one country, it's the whole world.
LG Stylo 5: I guess.
LG Stylo 5: I hope I explained that right
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the difference between it. Let's say being just in this country versus all over the world. Why is it scarier.
All over the world.
LG Stylo 5: Because it's not just one area. It's the whole world. But the world is huge. That's a lot of people, a lot of people dying and just
Gwenevere Abriel: Just the world feel smaller
LG Stylo 5: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you go with
Gwenevere Abriel: You go with it to a negative place. The world is. Yeah.
LG Stylo 5: Of course,
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. But you could go to a different mindset for that.
LG Stylo 5: That's been that, um, what was it open minded and
LG Stylo 5: It wasn't closed my
Gwenevere Abriel: growth mindset versus fixed mindset. Yeah, sure, you could
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, it's mindset I can ever remember that word.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wasn't quite the direction I was inviting but more like
Gwenevere Abriel: You're standing
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it mean to you that the world is not that big. What does it mean to you.
LG Stylo 5: Is so insignificant because of how big the world is
LG Stylo 5: But then now seeing like how fast something can impact the whole world.
LG Stylo 5: Doesn't make me feel more significant. It just, I guess, makes me more where I've never been so aware in my life. And I guess that's kind of what scary means I've never been so aware of everything I know. And especially being Silver's like even more aware, well not sober not drinking
LG Stylo 5: Just
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, it's just like it's scary. I've never been this aware of anything. So I guess that's maybe what it is that scares me more than anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you say to yourself, well I
Gwenevere Abriel: Am going to be worried if I can't go get high. You are getting high. So I gotta
LG Stylo 5: I gotta
Gwenevere Abriel: Just a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's change some some wording.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would it be like if you and I know you instead of, hey, clean and sober, we agree on the terms what I've been feeling my feelings or
Gwenevere Abriel: Something that works for you. That isn't a statement clean and sober, but rather, notice how you said, I'm more aware and how you feel what's going on around
LG Stylo 5: Me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll comment well line worldwide pandemic.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's that I have to feel it. I have to go through it and Kent bypasses skip over it numb it. I've got to feel it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what can we call that the we can go right to
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm having to feel my own feeling. I can't come from. But what do we call that so that each time we don't
Gwenevere Abriel: call it something else.
LG Stylo 5: I don't know. What do you think we should give me off.
LG Stylo 5: I'm not good at coming up with
LG Stylo 5: Anywhere my feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just replace clean and sober with another thought, what would it be clean and sober.
Gwenevere Abriel: For you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will be another term.
Well,
LG Stylo 5: Like you said, and just like being more aware, just being aware
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or even
LG Stylo 5: Feeling my feelings more. That's a good one to either one of those have been good.
LG Stylo 5: I think aware that one. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's actually here word
LG Stylo 5: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the more reason to use it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me
LG Stylo 5: Sorry, I'm kind of
Tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you have
Gwenevere Abriel: To sing justice. I was about to say how are you feeling right now. You said tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are
Gwenevere Abriel: Presenting with a lot of the giggle. And I'm wondering if you want
Gwenevere Abriel: Yourself permission.
Gwenevere Abriel: To just answer and then it's quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's okay.
LG Stylo 5: Like I
Gwenevere Abriel: said, No, no, no, no, you're ready. Read brief, brief, brief, brief, brief, brief, brief.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your answer is just fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your answer is always just fine. It's always just as good as anyone elses. Breathe into that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just as good
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a great answer. It's yours, it's your first response.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Get to see someone else's response to your response.
LG Stylo 5: Like sometimes. My first response isn't always the best response.
Gwenevere Abriel: So little less
Gwenevere Abriel: A little less
LG Stylo 5: If you
LG Stylo 5: See, there it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
LG Stylo 5: Well that's been kind of an issue. Honestly, with Daniel my nervous laugh. And we were like thing is like last week, or maybe like a few days ago, he was like he hit a madman, I stop laughing my keep laughing
LG Stylo 5: Laughing about mentors left like, you know, I have this, I always have this. Why is it all of a sudden coming up now.
LG Stylo 5: He's like will see, I'm just trying to kick you out your habit, you can click on me. Stop doing that. Stop doing that. And I'm like, well, you challenged me so I'm not going to kick out of my happy I got so nervous laugh.
LG Stylo 5: Okay, and he just kind of pushing you pushing it on me, is making it worse as I don't like being told what to do.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
LG Stylo 5: I've always been, I
LG Stylo 5: Think I'm so sorry but
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it's important again to to say we don't want to get rid of something unless we're bringing something in, we can understand why it got developed to begin with on it's there for a reason.
Hmm.
LG Stylo 5: I think it's just to feel like empty like the quiet spaces in between the conversation, even though there's not no quiet spaces. It's just, or maybe, I don't know, maybe I'm just nervous. I don't know. It's, I can't not do it so hard.
LG Stylo 5: Father.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I saw
LG Stylo 5: It again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah but but you did and you did it when you wanted to. You did a little experiment, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: But I think it's it's informing. So this is what I've heard, I heard you say it kind of like, hey, Glenn. You know, it's interesting you you bring this up because
Gwenevere Abriel: You brought it up to, but I really didn't like him. Just saying. Get rid of it like I want to come to terms with it. I want to do it in my own way just telling me to stop isn't gonna work for me. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
LG Stylo 5: Well, just like every single time I do it, he'd like pointed out, like, stop, stop, you know, stop frickin like game and maritime I frickin left leg because me off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, but you just also
Gwenevere Abriel: You identify what is possible.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's the quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right after I say something
Gwenevere Abriel: Know what goes on in that space. Typically, we were doing this long before you met Daniel, it's got nothing to do with Daniel
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, exactly.
LG Stylo 5: So this got developed a
Gwenevere Abriel: Long time ago.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, I don't even know when I started to me. Honestly, if I have been doing it forever. I can't even I can't remember. Do I didn't do it.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're not the only one that has these kind of
I call them like a tick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not
Gwenevere Abriel: tying in with a tip. Yeah, we have them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes people have them in there, they'll have a little thing that
Gwenevere Abriel: It's after after they'll have a little bit, and in my interpretation of it what psychology offers
Gwenevere Abriel: Around these as
Gwenevere Abriel: They there is calling undoing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And undoing. So you'll see it a lot of times, and people that have compulsive behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: They have to do a particular ritual.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then everything will be okay. But they have to do it and you don't want to tell them not to
LG Stylo 5: Go see
Gwenevere Abriel: There'll be very distressed if they don't do it so you don't just stop it.
LG Stylo 5: Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if we go back and we say, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: What is
Gwenevere Abriel: The big wall it serves
Gwenevere Abriel: That men right after you say your opinion right after
LG Stylo 5: You speak.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's roll out different people. Let's just see what would happen if you had
Spoken
Gwenevere Abriel: And you didn't giggle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what would happen with let's just take your mom if you stopped and
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't loosen it lightened it up, let's say, hey, I want everybody to wash your hands. It's really important to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you just left it without a transitional giggle.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you think your opinion, your preference and what you want need just gonna do dynamic with them just really wonder for people with her. How do you think, how am I didn't, didn't have that transition after
LG Stylo 5: I guess you're saying the left sends it off was like, Okay, I'm not being serious. Oh, but yeah, you're right, people it might make it seem more serious or not. So I took it. I don't know if I like it. That's what I heard. When you're saying that
LG Stylo 5: And it was my mom, she would be fine, I should like, okay, like she's serious like my sister, my brother like that. I feel like
LG Stylo 5: I have to make it like I have to give credit to my main thing. I'm curious about. I have to get in the box. And if I'm being too serious. I feel like it might cause completion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay.
LG Stylo 5: We're getting so I feel like I have to, like, it's like I have to like send like a little bit of like like please like, you know,
LG Stylo 5: Like, just to make sure it would be nice, because I don't want to cross that line with anybody here at my mom's house. I don't want to get any arguments.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. That one right there. I don't want to cause an argument.
Gwenevere Abriel: And part of the stories that you told me are that you have had to be the intermediary
Gwenevere Abriel: In physical arguments as in, they got very physical
Gwenevere Abriel: And you had to get in the middle of them, and I was younger.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: About how old do you remember we started doing
LG Stylo 5: Public channel 1214
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys also
Gwenevere Abriel: Chris
Gwenevere Abriel: Worst closing, opening
LG Stylo 5: So we got Florida.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to give to you. Don't worry about me. I'll take care and
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay with you.
LG Stylo 5: There you go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I'm in Florida. So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to cause an argument.
LG Stylo 5: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember as far back as age 10
Gwenevere Abriel: You were that you're kind of small.
Gwenevere Abriel: At age 10 archer.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you
LG Stylo 5: How do you
Visit
LG Stylo 5: Siblings to
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I mean, how do you get in between.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're so small. How did you do that.
LG Stylo 5: A very loud mouth.
LG Stylo 5: I don't know. I don't even know what
Gwenevere Abriel: My mom would
LG Stylo 5: Just be like, go back to the room, you know, not only be trying to put me back in the room, but I just be like fighting it like no no not funny.
LG Stylo 5: But yeah
LG Stylo 5: Okay, and
LG Stylo 5: Kind of block out some time.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you didn't do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is such a mom. Yeah, because she when I
Gwenevere Abriel: talk and think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: She in the room now wishes.
Session.
LG Stylo 5: Around well she's in she's over there and the other room in the back of the house, but she's, she's not
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I very loud mouth and you were doing this.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is right on either side of you. Yeah.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah. And then usually my dad like swimming. So site and then I ran away. Sorry, my dad is in the water. I don't want to hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey guys, I can hear you fine though. Thank you for slam. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. And you don't want mom to feel bad because she feels bad about what happened to you. Her daughter.
Yeah.
LG Stylo 5: So I don't want to make her feel bad by like bringing the past memories because
LG Stylo 5: Past and then I like that. No more. They get along fine and they're really happy now. And they, they don't find it all in one.
LG Stylo 5: So like, you know, just, it's in the past but
Gwenevere Abriel: Now here's what upsets aren't
Gwenevere Abriel: The laughter is unconscious. It is
Gwenevere Abriel: To the point that a boyfriend's calling you out on it.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you say
Gwenevere Abriel: There's something in the presence still
Gwenevere Abriel: And so that's what we're talking about. We're trying to get to the point
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: See, here's the thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might be my motivation and not yours to talk about it because
Gwenevere Abriel: You might not be bothered by it. You might really love what it does not want to train thing. So I need to ask you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it something you want to understand. And do you want to be comfortable with the quiet that follows
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of naturally 100% on. Do you want any understanding or change around it.
LG Stylo 5: I feel like it would be healthier to understand it and understand. I feel like if we help you understand and understand why.
LG Stylo 5: I have it. It is a nervous tic and I want to know what the hell where it comes from. Okay. And I know that I have a lot of my passwords to do a lot of problems.
LG Stylo 5: So I know that
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't hear that say that last part again. Go.
LG Stylo 5: I know that a lot of my past has a lot to do with a lot of my problems.
LG Stylo 5: I just never know what part of my past. It is
LG Stylo 5: Because even before they're doing therapy. I was talking to my elder sister one time and
LG Stylo 5: We're just like talking, you know, getting deep having sister talking, you know, and
LG Stylo 5: I don't know for that for some reason we got to the point where we were saying like, what's wrong with us and my sister was saying we because we got treated you growing up because he I was listening to
LG Stylo 5: And she helped me realize that myself and that was before I ever even did therapy. So that's something I had realized, you know, and I don't know. I don't know if that's just something maybe she put in my head, or maybe is that I don't know I do feel like I do feel that way though cuz
LG Stylo 5: I was always willing to get in the middle of a fight. So, of course, my dad was a means to me because I was always the one that
LG Stylo 5: Said what I wanted to say and like what you know what I want to do. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold on. Do you know that says kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: This connection makes it really hard. Normally you would have seen you very quickly go like this and you wouldn't have been able to say a word, but because there's a delay in the telemedicine you kept talking. I couldn't cut you off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you just
Gwenevere Abriel: For a second, nothing thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So please, just listen. Just listen to hold me to, I have to do it sometimes to
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: This entire time. You did not
LG Stylo 5: Go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't say anything this entire time, all the way through my dad was always the one my sister, my heart to hearts, all the way through.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which one
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I do want understanding all the way through that.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the way through all the way through all the way through. You get not giggle.
LG Stylo 5: I also didn't breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: In there that was
Gwenevere Abriel: But now you just let it out and I didn't breathe. So you just got it out. You got it done. So said what I want. So some really important things are coming up, though this is so
Gwenevere Abriel: Useful. Number one, I found out that my client.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wants understanding
Gwenevere Abriel: Lets you
Gwenevere Abriel: But I haven't heard if you have some idea of if you knew something else. Even better would replace it. Would you be interested in letting that one go to giggle.
LG Stylo 5: I'm confused. What do you mean like like replacing it with something else.
Uh huh.
LG Stylo 5: I mean, yeah, I guess I'd be willing to try. Of course I'll get
Gwenevere Abriel: There, it's right there. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me do it again. Do it again. Just not
Gwenevere Abriel: Just not, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go. You ready
Gwenevere Abriel: Because my philosophy certainly is a substance. I don't want to take something away.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have offered a skill, a new insight, some sort of resourcing
Gwenevere Abriel: So that my clients.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are not left floundering
Gwenevere Abriel: With no sense of grounding safety confidence, keep breathing, you're breathing, you're breathing.
So that's my philosophy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Sam asking you, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I could offer
Gwenevere Abriel: Something that could replace nervous giggle.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if it was sufficient. Would you be interested in letting it go
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, breathing breathing. Breathing you breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Nice. Nice. Nice. Nice. So now I have two things I have
Gwenevere Abriel: A client that has like yes one understanding
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that I think there's some connection to the use of the past and I have a
Gwenevere Abriel: Same idea, and might want to let
Gwenevere Abriel: It well
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to have something to replace it. Maybe that would make you give give you the same feeling that the giggle gifts you my onto something here.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, I don't know if it gives me a feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well let's do some investigation around that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathe out because I guess I wouldn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Bree Bree Bree Bree Bree Bree Bree Bree. Nice. Nice. Yeah, there it is. Everything's okay. We're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no wrong answer in
LG Stylo 5: Here that
Gwenevere Abriel: I can get them wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get them all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you don't get
Gwenevere Abriel: Your you're always on spot on.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're sharing what's coming up for you, what's happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't get it wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can screw up. I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be a bad client.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
LG Stylo 5: You can't
Gwenevere Abriel: Get past the wall.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's look a little closer at something you said
Gwenevere Abriel: You said
Gwenevere Abriel: I used to say what I want what's
Gwenevere Abriel: On my mind remembers something like
LG Stylo 5: That
Gwenevere Abriel: And
It was
Gwenevere Abriel: In there, so we had a little Twitter.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what that kind of laughter is called yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's not without a laugh.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just say what you want and sit
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it has to
Gwenevere Abriel: Have this
Gwenevere Abriel: Buffer on
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back in time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I used to say.
LG Stylo 5: What I wanted
Gwenevere Abriel: I used to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got pushed off to the side.
LG Stylo 5: I got
Gwenevere Abriel: Pushed I got hurt physically hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now if you said what you wanted.
Gwenevere Abriel: To your dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would happen
LG Stylo 5: Currently is like something like bad he, I mean it was just an argument.
LG Stylo 5: We would already
LG Stylo 5: Then apologize later.
LG Stylo 5: Sorry, my little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: That was great. I got to see it in real time. Shut up.
LG Stylo 5: On it.
LG Stylo 5: Especially with him, I cannot. I can't fight with my little brother. It's like
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't fight with me and him are
LG Stylo 5: The same. So we're both like really hot headed. So if we fight. Oh, it's a bad fight like I have to fight with him as much as I can.
LG Stylo 5: Not to vote them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how you said we wanted to say. Shut up out of the laughter
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back to that again. I don't know that you that you could live with.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, it's hard. I think I feel like it'd be really hard. It's like kicking in another drug
Gwenevere Abriel: Interaction with your dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: We would argue
Gwenevere Abriel: If I told my dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just think it's something on a different opinion than him.
Gwenevere Abriel: But something you've had a different opinion you kinda like way. I don't see a cherry.
LG Stylo 5: What's up about the I take the
LG Stylo 5: Pension and Suboxone he doesn't agree with that at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does he sound. Let me hear his voice Oh, Nicola Urubamba by you're still
LG Stylo 5: You're still on the pills and you're still taking all that crap.
LG Stylo 5: My and
LG Stylo 5: So it's not like you're any better than your sister told me and
LG Stylo 5: You're basically you're still taking pills and all this crap and he thinks he gets me all hires and thing, I guess.
LG Stylo 5: And
LG Stylo 5: We should she doesn't, because I'm fine. Like I'm walking around don't fuckin sorry i'll frickin nodding out
LG Stylo 5: But he makes it seem like is it is just as bad as dangerous like actually drugs. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you do his version. When you do this side.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're still on those goals you know better than you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't legal and then we went into your defense position. You did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you talk your side.
Gwenevere Abriel: But not dad, not when you're in real reflection and not when you're calling something
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did it just when you look but it's not. It's not like I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting high
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's hold on to that little piece right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's not here now it's just me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if I'm him.
Gwenevere Abriel: And all we're going to do is you can give as much as you want but just to see that it's at least on purpose that you have some choice in water. So it's not totally unconscious get to decide how you want to talk
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit just to see when
Gwenevere Abriel: You put it on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: But go
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it sounds ridiculous.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to say, okay,
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: feel angry. I don't know what yours is going to be, but you get my point slow wave long as
Gwenevere Abriel: We're in a slow
Gwenevere Abriel: Motion movie. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: True.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think honestly. That is a fact.
LG Stylo 5: My football camp, sir. Okay. Oh, okay. So, sorry.
LG Stylo 5: Oh,
LG Stylo 5: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you may want to go get you on a banana to address the cramps, you want to get in a company position. What do you need to do.
LG Stylo 5: No, I just had to stretch out my leg just from sitting cross
LG Stylo 5: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You can stretch it out.
LG Stylo 5: Because cross off of last
LG Stylo 5: Year I did. Okay, anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me get back to the album.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is me saying to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know what, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you already got it. Go for it.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, um,
Yeah.
LG Stylo 5: Look at me. I
LG Stylo 5: Fail.
LG Stylo 5: I'm sad.
LG Stylo 5: And
LG Stylo 5: upset when
LG Stylo 5: You
LG Stylo 5: Say,
LG Stylo 5: That
LG Stylo 5: Being
LG Stylo 5: Being on the pills. I'm on. Sorry.
LG Stylo 5: I know I'm
LG Stylo 5: slurred bad
Boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Slow
Gwenevere Abriel: Anytime.
LG Stylo 5: That
LG Stylo 5: Pills. The pills that I take and the Suboxone that I take
Gwenevere Abriel: Down way down.
LG Stylo 5: Reading Are
LG Stylo 5: Just
LG Stylo 5: As
LG Stylo 5: Add
As
LG Stylo 5: Heroin hair.
LG Stylo 5: Hi. LAUGHS
LG Stylo 5: I think it's a little bit of walking back and forth. And I might feel a little embarrassed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you can tell them
Gwenevere Abriel: You just got
Gwenevere Abriel: You just got a whole bunch of giggles out just now you just
Gwenevere Abriel: Charge pension just like my brothers. So you let them out either out
LG Stylo 5: You brought a lot of attention to all about so
I know
Gwenevere Abriel: And one of the reasons why I'm asking you to actually
Gwenevere Abriel: To look me
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that your brother.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, he has given me my cat. I'm sorry.
LG Stylo 5: I'm like why why even bigger to me, let me alone.
LG Stylo 5: So that
LG Stylo 5: Sorry, he left. I'm alone. We're good. I don't know where distractions.
Gwenevere Abriel: So get back to you about your process. Again, I don't care.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't care if you can keep your brother in there. I'm not concerned about those things, what I'm concerned about is if we're doing meaningful work. That's all. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Tune in again to I feel silly. So just noticed that you perfectly fine with every single statement loving
Gwenevere Abriel: Every single one. That one doesn't bother you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this therapist of yours who I'm assuming I have some credibility is LCP do
Gwenevere Abriel: Something puts in place that you can speak.
Gwenevere Abriel: Consciously
Gwenevere Abriel: Paying attention to how you're feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: And you decide what she's
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think that's silly. I think I deliver it in a really goofy way but the intervention itself can still be useful, even though it's packaged with funny looking springs and bows and kind of fully smelly stickers. I think they
Gwenevere Abriel: Can
Gwenevere Abriel: Why does it
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
LG Stylo 5: No I your techniques. I'm not saying they're bad. I just said, my brother doesn't
LG Stylo 5: Know anything about therapy. So I thought you'd probably like, what the hell. She did.
LG Stylo 5: He's only 17 you know so
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to pick will pick that up. What's your 17 year old brother, but I don't want to go in this moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: One of the things that my mouth is to look at me and it is a piece of this intervention that's important. So whatever you need to do to brace yourself if you need to hold on like this and
Gwenevere Abriel: Really get yourself protected because this is an even more vulnerable.
Gwenevere Abriel: In Washington, looking at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do whatever you need hard now. And here you're because you've been doing this the whole session. They want to just keep the hand here know, put it back.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's no criticism.
Gwenevere Abriel: It means that you're doing something that this, this is getting to giggle is right here. So don't be surprised and just
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you might be able to
Gwenevere Abriel: feel safer if this is kind of comfort in a little
LG Stylo 5: Like, I guess, and with I'm doing something that was never comfortable or something where, like, I don't remember. I feel like tension in the air like have to grab my neck. It's weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because
LG Stylo 5: I feel nervous.
Gwenevere Abriel: To do it.
LG Stylo 5: Okay, right now I don't mean
LG Stylo 5: It just happens, what happens
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I want to do an experiment with you. I'd like to see what happens if you do it, and if the giggle pulls back a little. Okay, so let's do this again. And I know it's uncomfortable to look me right in the eye.
Gwenevere Abriel: But catches as much as you can, looking at me because it'll feel more intense. So I'm going to say to you is that, and remember, you're going to say the
Gwenevere Abriel: Word.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is putting space in between the words which is perfect, but as add do
Gwenevere Abriel: So silly.
LG Stylo 5: I had was
Gwenevere Abriel: Each word out.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're still putting
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what, you're the same as your sisters
Gwenevere Abriel: You think you're better than them. But, you know, as you're in there getting high and your through your insurance, you're no better than them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at me.
LG Stylo 5: Say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
I
LG Stylo 5: Fail.
LG Stylo 5: That
LG Stylo 5: No, not that
LG Stylo 5: I
Feel
Offended
LG Stylo 5: And
LG Stylo 5: Upset
One.
LG Stylo 5: You
Say,
Stuff.
Like
LG Stylo 5: That
LG Stylo 5: Be
LG Stylo 5: You
Know,
LG Stylo 5: Thing.
About
LG Stylo 5: The end for May shun of what
LG Stylo 5: I am
LG Stylo 5: Taking a
Gwenevere Abriel: Deep breath in and take a breath. Breathe in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good, good, good, good, good, good. Keep doing great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. See if there's more because there was an end and I interrupted you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. No, you just buffered
Gwenevere Abriel: I forgot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm, what was it,
LG Stylo 5: Was just
LG Stylo 5: Was just feeling like
LG Stylo 5: I don't know, like exactly what I said like he doesn't know any of the information about what I'm taking and and
LG Stylo 5: Maybe he should look more into it before he judges.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's I think goes towards that. Yeah, it was. And there was something else that happened last year which was not right where I had interrupted you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to hop over standing and then
Gwenevere Abriel: You get goes right in there. So that's what I was asking was I wanted to catch it right in the moment you walk into analysis in my last moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: When
Gwenevere Abriel: You feeling by
Gwenevere Abriel: What like twinkle of it as fast as you can.
Gwenevere Abriel: I had this thought in my head like
LG Stylo 5: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Could I forget. We were just talking about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what went on.
Gwenevere Abriel: That fast.
LG Stylo 5: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you've got
All kinds of questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's circle back
LG Stylo 5: Okay, so we're still walking back and forth Batman. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So come back to your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: The one that's not contingent on my opinion.
The
Gwenevere Abriel: Fathers of modern
Gwenevere Abriel: Want a sister model Daniel money anyone's just your truth the pride you taken the hard work that you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Only you know from firsthand.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it can take it from you. Well, how hard
LG Stylo 5: You are working
Gwenevere Abriel: You have to challenge negative inner thoughts to change come up
Gwenevere Abriel: working very hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be present with that maybe keep your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if you can process a little bit about what
What you
Gwenevere Abriel: Saw
Today,
LG Stylo 5: Knows, I didn't cry for once.
LG Stylo 5: And I noticed
LG Stylo 5: A lot of just, I've always noticed a little things I do like holding my neck and my lap and everything, but
LG Stylo 5: Maybe just breathing instead of trying to maybe catch the live because even when I tried to catch it no matter what. It's still have to push yourself out of the car. I got up there it is.
LG Stylo 5: Oh my god, I have to catch it catch it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not concerned if you sign that you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do it. WELCOME, SIR. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know everything's gonna be okay. I know you're going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: On this has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it'll it
LG Stylo 5: Has to do with why I'm sorry you cut out
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm saying I'm not concerned. I'm not worried when
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're
Gwenevere Abriel: Not quite ready okay that
Gwenevere Abriel: Was something to
Gwenevere Abriel: Place buffer.
Gwenevere Abriel: In between, if I say something, I might cause conflict.
Gwenevere Abriel: In there yet. Well, that's lovely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Center. There's no real need
Gwenevere Abriel: It hasn't really landed when you get it that light switch will go on.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll be able to stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Word.
Gwenevere Abriel: And not
Gwenevere Abriel: Finish.
Gwenevere Abriel: The
Gwenevere Abriel: Thought
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Right in the moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're getting closer and closer to see me now you're observing, you're like, Oh my gosh, I was fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I had to just
Gwenevere Abriel: Work.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no consciousness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's what you you came up with the solution yourself. You said maybe I could breathe instead of giggle. Maybe I can play with all that you brought that up yourself.
LG Stylo 5: Did I thought you said that
Gwenevere Abriel: You did just now you
Gwenevere Abriel: can breathe and I've been breathing.
LG Stylo 5: Oh, just know. Okay, I thought you meant in the beginning, I was like, when you told me that
Gwenevere Abriel: Well as to the free. That's true. But I didn't say I didn't say was going to listen and came up with that.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah. Gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's left is
Gwenevere Abriel: There still attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: And quite doesn't do the trick. Like, I can go. Can I have a nice nice nice charge to it's what
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to we'll, we'll do a little bit more around that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I heard please you noticed I cry for one
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: For once, and that means something to you, that means something.
LG Stylo 5: Does is easy. It's really hard for me to open up with my feelings and everything, and especially talking about that part of my past that we're talking about today.
LG Stylo 5: I usually always cry. I always no matter what, like just thinking about it makes me tear up and for some reason even right now. I'm not tearing up. It's weird.
LG Stylo 5: It's really weird. I'm getting more and more accepting it. I think maybe is what that means.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so no crime equals acceptance.
LG Stylo 5: I'm hoping I'm not sure I'm hoping so. Though It's An idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to ask you something.
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's only a guest because you probably never done this before. If I pulled today's session and I brought it up on the screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's hard for me to see
Gwenevere Abriel: Self, because if this was a really cool one within
LG Stylo 5: Wow, while doing all these miracles.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can see
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think watch myself.
LG Stylo 5: That'd be awkward.
LG Stylo 5: I mean, I look horrible, horrible today. I did not want to watch myself. It looks up
All about
LG Stylo 5: Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: A piece of it.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, I'd be willing
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you interested really
Gwenevere Abriel: What you sound.
Like
Gwenevere Abriel: What I mean like there's already a recording of it. That's kind of convenient.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, I guess. Sure.
LG Stylo 5: My voice is so annoying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your voice and
LG Stylo 5: Your
LG Stylo 5: Face. It's annoying. Yeah.
LG Stylo 5: I've been told that many times in my life so
Just, just
LG Stylo 5: People made me believe it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I don't really know what that's about.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, why don't we find out
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we find
Gwenevere Abriel: Listen to it. Why don't you listen to, because it's really different to step back and remember recordings mess with the voice a little bit like how it sounds in your head, you can hear your own voice. And it's because it's coming from inside wrong skull.
In
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: As I noticed my voice is kind of high catch and I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
LG Stylo 5: No, you don't.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a
chipmunk
Gwenevere Abriel: In my head I have this nice deep
Gwenevere Abriel: Voice in that I here.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit. Let's just see what happens next time won't want to maybe we'll just see what comes up. Maybe your curiosity will build and you'll be like, Wait a minute, people say it's annoying when you hear my own voice isn't maybe it's not alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you will think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it isn't.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe those people were annoyed with something and nothing to do with your voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's going to be my guest. I don't think it's annoying. So, um, alright schedule again appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is the medication bridge to today.
LG Stylo 5: I'm not sure she doesn't per week. Yeah. Cuz I got. Yeah. Yeah, I'm good. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I have April 17th at 11 o'clock.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that something
LG Stylo 5: Yeah 11 O'clock actually is a lot better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I got 11 O'clock April 17
LG Stylo 5: And that's next Friday. Right.
It is
LG Stylo 5: Okay.
LG Stylo 5: Awesome. Okay. I will see you on Tuesday.
You get to
Gwenevere Abriel: The doctor